Show working copy links based on backend actions (#6393)
plone/volto: docs/source/configuration/settings-reference.md

    The OpenGraph image that will represent this content item, will be used in the metadata HEAD tag as og:image for SEO purposes. Defaults to image. See the OpenGraph Protocol for more details.

hasWorkingCopySupport

>     ```{deprecated} Volto 18.8.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```{versionremoved} Volto 18.8.0
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     This setting is no longer used. Working copy support is now based on whether the `plone.app.iterate` add-on is installed in the backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This setting is unnecessary since Volto 18.8.0.
    Working copy support is now based on whether the `plone.app.iterate` add-on is installed in the backend.
```

    ```

>     This setting will enable working copy support in your site. You need to install the `plone.app.iterate` add-on in your Plone site in order for it to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For Plone sites using Volto versions prior to 18.8.0, this setting enables working copy support.
    To make it work, you need to install the add-on `plone.app.iterate` in your Plone site.
```
